What's up?
So what happened to jade, you don't know?
Change jade
This is called retribution.
Call
Dad, shut up.
Director Qi is in trouble.
Where did CEO Trieu say?
Open for business
Are all the people coming guests?
Add money is fine.
That is...
You kneeled to seven more lesbians.
If not, I will give it to you.
All were thrown away by this disciple.
Are you Truong Huc Dong?
Constantly bullying my son.
Now want to interfere in our Trieu family.
I am the same age as my wife.
What do you want?
Don't want to do anything?
Student story
I'm in charge.
Oh, the little bag.
Don't I remember all this gossip?
Too thin.
Will be jealous of heaven.
General Manager Trieu, you can take away Major Trieu.
Take people away.
Thanks seven ladies this time.
If you need anything later, just mention it.
Truong Thieu really doesn't watch much, so now I need it.